README.md, before:

# Shuffle
CS 4513 / 4523 - Software Engineering Project

# Tech Stack (VERP)
1. Vuejs
2. Nodejs
3. PostgresSQL (Transitioning from MySQL)
4. Express

# Installation
```
1.) clone the repo into your desired directory using git
2.) cd into the directory you just clone the repo into
3.) go into the server folder and run: npm install
  (This reads the package.json file and installs all the node packages that the server needs)
  Packages:
    Express
    body-parser (allows you to parse through http request body)
    sequelize (an ORM to manage our database, and allow for some validation policies like email formats, etc)
    bcrypt (used to hash / encrypt sensitive user data, like passwords)
    jwt (not in use / installed, generates tokens that we can use to keep the user login and other token related features)
    ... (some others I don't remember at the moment)
    
4.) go to the client folder and run: npm install
  (This reads the package.json file and installs all the node packges that the client needs)
  Packages:
    Vuejs
    Vue-bootstrap
    axios
    font-awesome (not currently being used ... I think)
    jQuery/popper.js (not being used, not sure if installed, but useful for making elements draggable)

```

# Dev Environment
```
# Running front-end (Go to client folder)
npm run dev # to run dev server

# Running back-end (Go to server folder)
npm run dev # to run dev server

# Changing database config
1.) Go to server folder
2.) Go to config folder
3.) Modify config.js file with your database login credentials if you changed it. Currently set to default credentials.
```

# Potential Issues
1. axios package has 2 vulnerabilities. 
2. If you changed your database login credentials, you can either change it back to the default, or add them into the config.js in the server folder
3. Currently not setup to be deployed for hosting (to be changed)

Commit message:

Folder Restructuring (#9)
* allowed client to send files to server

* added Documents Model, made changes to DB

* fixed dashboard buttons and routes

* stored document info on database, file validation on client

* checkpoint

* fixed folder structure, updated README

README.md, after:

# Shuffle
CS 4513 / 4523 - Software Engineering Project

# Tech Stack (VERP)
1. Vuejs
2. Nodejs
3. PostgresSQL
4. Express

# Installation
```
1.) clone the repo into your desired location using git

2.) cd into the directory you just clone the repo into

3.) go into the shuffle folder and run: npm install
(This installs all packages required)    

4.) go to the client2 folder and run: npm install

Go to package.json to see packages / dependencies
```

# Dev Environment
```
# Running front-end (Go to client2 folder)
npm run serve

# Running back-end (Go to shuffle folder, not inside the server folder)
npm run dev

# Changing database config
1.) Go to server folder
2.) Go to config folder
3.) Modify config.js file with your database login credentials if you changed it. Currently set to default credentials.

Note: both front-end and back-end servers must be running together for some functionalities to work
```

# Potential Issues
1. If you changed your database login credentials, you can either change it back to the default, or add them into the config.js in the server folder
2. Currently not setup to be deployed for hosting (to be changed)
